okay what we have here is a 2003 Honda
Silver Wing
it's a 600 CCS so it's got a plenty of
power and great for highway driving in
fact I usually use it to go back and
forth to my job location out in the
southwest freeway it's great for that it
was originally red had it repainted
yellow for some visibility it's a decent
paint job I've done a couple little
things also for appearance to it like
here on the back it's got a blacked out
taillight the racing stripe I added it's
just a vinyl so it can be taken off if
you don't like it the plastic that was
down here United that off gave more of a
sporty appearance the license plate is
mounted underneath there under the tail
it's got an automatic transmission so
you don't have to fool with the clutch
if you're not too familiar with that
it's got two large storage compartments
here one here and then another lockable
storage compartment on this side it's a
lot larger it also has a very large
storage compartment underneath the seat
here
I keep the cover in there it's got an
extra-large windshield that I added you
kind of keeps the wind out of your face
a whole lot better do a quick rock
around for you
so there it is bike has current tags and
inspection I have to go get a new
sticker there shouldn't be any problems
it's got adjustable rear suspension to
which I have set all the way to five and
it's pretty awesome its handles really
great anyway like I said it's a 600 cc
bike so if you're not too experienced
with the motorcycle it's probably it's
got a lot of power but you can still get
into it because it you know like I said
it's an automatic you have to mess with
a clutch alright anyway that's it right
there you have any more questions just
see the Craigslist description and give
me a call